Client Onboarding Calls Training - July 30
VIEW RECORDING - 75 mins (No highlights): 

---

0:01 - Athena Simpson (Unrestricted)
  Good morning. Hello. Hi. All right. Hey, everyone.

0:10 - R Cash
  Thanks. How's it going? Going good. Going great.

0:16 - Charis Siau
  Awesome.

0:17 - Athena Simpson (Unrestricted)
  Oh, let me get the note takers out of here. If you guys haven't yet changed your settings on view, you can like hit the view button on the top right corner and hide non-video participants.  And then I'll get these little Fathom note taker things out of your screen so you can just see faces.  If that helps.

0:46 - Charis Siau
  I love the full meetings.

0:49 - Athena Simpson (Unrestricted)
  What's that? I love the full meetings.

0:51 - Ida Badenhorst
  There's so many people.

0:52 - Athena Simpson (Unrestricted)
  too.

0:54 - Charis Siau
  Did that work for you guys, Charis and Cash? Yeah, I don't see them anymore. Okay, perfect.

0:59 - Athena Simpson (Unrestricted)
  right. Yeah, they're gone now. Sometimes you have to like the clients are like, like, oh, you have a new note taker.  And I'm like, uh, I like hide the videos, but I, we didn't realize like, even if you hide the videos, if they don't have that setting on, they still see like a bunch of note taker screens.

1:15 - Charis Siau
  So yeah, it's, it's weird.

1:18 - Athena Simpson (Unrestricted)
  Like zoom and zoom and Fathom, like change their settings every five seconds too. So we can't keep up with like what, what's happening.  So I added a new note taker. I have this like inbox AI thing that sends a note taker to meetings.  And then it has the context when it like drafts messages for me in my inbox. But like, then the clients were like, oh, you have new note takers.  And I was like, oh, I hid the video. And they're like, no, I still see them. was like, have you guys been staring at all these like note taker videos this whole time?  Like didn't, didn't realize. So, um, top tip, tell your clients to make sure they have the hide non video participants whenever you get into those.

1:58 - Charis Siau
  So, um,

2:02 - Athena Simpson (Unrestricted)
  So Charis and Cash, how's the getting to know the clients going?

2:07 - Charis Siau
  Good. Getting a lot of extra steps on the treadmill, watching all the videos.

2:13 - Athena Simpson (Unrestricted)
  So a double benefit.

2:15 - Charis Siau
  No, but it's really good. I mean, you guys have really deep dive sessions with your clients and, you know, I'm certainly wanting to watch all of them for my first go around and not just rely like on the notes and the key takeaways.  And even though I know that's going to be really beneficial to use, but as I'm just getting familiar with your whole process and the, the, I think it provides a lot of context and color around watching the videos.  And, and I think for me too, like something that helps is watching their body language. Um, I think you can, you can just take a lot from that.  So really. Good. You guys, you guys have a thorough, thorough process.

3:05 - Athena Simpson (Unrestricted)
  Very cool. Cash, how are you finding it?

3:09 - R Cash
  Yeah, I mean, much the same. Just doing a deep dive on all the calls with the people that I'll be working with.  Yeah, the process is really thorough. And, I mean, the clients seem really receptive, and a lot of their backgrounds are pretty awesome.  So, yeah, just excited to engage with them and kind of get to know more.

3:36 - Athena Simpson (Unrestricted)
  Yeah, I think that's something we're all really proud of, is that we've got awesome clients. know, as one of my, like, concerns with handing over the sales to Austin was like, are we going to...  And he's actually more discerning than I am most of the time. I'm like, he comes to me, and he's like, I don't know about this.  And I was like, well, do you like him? And he's like, yes. And I'm like, then it's okay. So, we're, you know, pretty...  Good about selecting awesome clients and their hearts are in the right place, which is really important to us too.  Like if somebody comes to us and it's just purely a financial play, we're like, let us refer you out.  So yeah, and we've all gotten to know our clients pretty well. So, you know, I think they all have their special things and their quirks that we know.  And that's why it's so important to like go through these in-depth processes. And so we can get to know that because they come up at various points and it's like when you kind of, oh, okay, with this person, I'm going to have to make sure I do this.  So anyways, for today, you guys are getting two onboarding training sessions. So I'm going to, I'm going to get in the helicopter and kind of take us the overview of the tarmac and then Anke and Ida are going to take you down on the tarmac.  So you guys can kind of run around is how we're structuring the two. So the, the aim and what I want to cover with you guys today.  And it's just kind of helping you all align on the why behind each step of the onboarding process. So you understand how your roles connect to the larger goal.  And then, you know, get that smoother collaboration and ownership of the process. You'll notice in the onboarding document, there's a lot still to be filled in.  It's all in our heads and we're working on extracting it. But as we're extracting it, we're realizing like, oh, we're going to have to actually remount this out based on our new situation.  So this is one of those be patient with us building, building the rocket ship while it's taking off kind of things.  But I think it'll be great because I'll be doing the onboarding sessions where you guys can watch me, then we'll be handing over so you guys can do it and I can watch you, or it might just feel cool for you to do it and we review the videos.  We'll see how you all feel in terms of confidence there. And then today what we're going to go through as like action items is, you know, just walking through the overall process and the why on each step.  Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Then I'm going to talk through what you guys will specifically be taking over and really diving deep into onboarding one and onboarding two.  I'm going to give you guys some clarity on where how Ida fits into this also because she's kind of an assist and overseeing the whole process.  Then I thought we could do a little brainstorm and rename these calls because onboarding call one and onboarding call two is really confusing because they have all these other calls that they have to do throughout the process.  So I thought let's have some fun at the end and figure out a better name for them so that we all know exactly what call that they're on and then just any actions who needs to do what.  There's going to be some prep that y'all need to do in advance of these calls and also updating of this process, which I'm sure you guys will probably dive into a little bit deeper into your call with Anke and Ida later this afternoon.  So my goal for the outcome of this meeting is for you all to be aligned on the onboarding process, understanding your roles and ownership.  And then clear next steps to update and execute. So, or get the information you need to be able to execute because some of it is still, you know, TBC.  But for these calls specifically, this was something I devised like very early days. So it's pretty well refined in terms of the structure.  What I want to give you guys is the why. Like why have we set it up this way? So you can see a process and it's like, okay, I can see the steps.  But when we're putting the process in, we don't necessarily give you the context behind, like, what is the purpose of all this?  How does it service our clients? How does it service us? So how's that sound as a plan? Awesome. Okay, cool.
  SCREEN SHARING: Athena started screen sharing - WATCH: https://fathom.video/calls/365720064?timestamp=472.458943  Let me share my screen and pull up the right thing. Good. Okay. So I'm going to put together this awesome.  Awesome. Walkthrough of like what the steps are for the clients and the action items. What it doesn't account for is who does what on the team, but just so you can get a bird's eye view of what the clients go through when they sign on with us.  So it's a pretty exhaustive process. Presently, the fastest we've been able to do it is four weeks. Long term, and it's on my goal for I believe Q4 is to see if we can shorten the time for someone's search to start.  I think we'll be able to do that with all of you taking over some of these processes and with Ida kind of having ownership of the overall process.  So just know that the plan is to like see if we can condense that because it obviously helps sales and the client experience that they're not having like maybe a two month delay between when they like pay us money and start their search.  But there's a lot for them to do. There's a lot for us to do. So when they actually start sinking their teeth into the process, we've never really had pushback on it.
  ACTION ITEM: Watch sales calls for upcoming onboarding client before tomorrow's training w/ Anke & Ida
 - WATCH: https://fathom.video/calls/365720064?timestamp=539.9999
  ACTION ITEM: Watch sales calls for upcoming onboarding client before tomorrow's training w/ Anke & Ida
 - WATCH: https://fathom.video/calls/365720064?timestamp=539.9999
  ACTION ITEM: Watch sales calls for upcoming onboarding client before next training w/ Anke & Ida
 - WATCH: https://fathom.video/calls/365720064?timestamp=539.9999  Like, oh, okay. I kind of get it now, like how much work there is. Usually they get really excited when we start showing them their buyer profiles and stuff.  So when Austin closes a client and you guys have the sales calls, so you're seeing what the conversation was for them to even get to the point of saying yes.  And that's going to be really important for y'all to watch that before your training with Anke tomorrow and preparing for the onboarding calls that you guys are specifically going to be doing with me over the next two weeks.  But when they become a client, then they get an email from me saying like, hey, welcome. And then they schedule a call.  Right now that's happening with Anke, Ida, and Austin. And the idea is over time that Anke will be coming out of that and it will just be Ida, who's their kind of like onboarding concierge.  I use the analogy as like the fairy godmother that just appears and is like, how can I help? So Ida's kind of who we're training to be that person.  So the kickoff call is basically, you guys see some of the slides that are in there. It's the purpose of that is just like to get action with them and make them feel like they have momentum as soon as possible.  Like they've just made a very big purchase and people make a decision about you and their purchase within usually 24 hours.  So that's why there's like quick email from me, scheduling them on a call as soon as possible. Usually Austin will schedule them on a call kind of like as soon as they paid so that they know there's a call coming, right?  And it's like, okay, cool. I'm in the right hands. People are going to guide me through this process. On that kickoff call is starting to manage their expectations.  And this is going to be really important throughout the process, especially since you guys are going to be taking over some of these calls.  If they know where they are in this process, then they'll freak out. A little bit less. And I'm really big on managing people's expectations because it actually makes your life better to manage expectations and kind of over communicate there.  So you'll hear me talk about managing expectations a lot. It's super helpful with clients. It's really helpful for each other too.  So it's awesome to be really clear and communicate with each other in your briefing. But I'll give you an analogy where I realized how much easier my life could be made.  I think Ida and Anke and Luke know this from boot camp, but I bartended my way through university, was able to earn a ton of money just working a couple days a week.  So I loved it. And I was able to earn based on how I performed. So that was exciting to me.  But I worked at these like high volume, like event venues where we would just get like an absolute rush of people.  It'd be like five, 10 people deep. Super stressful. have drunk people just like yelling at you. I worked at this place called Jackson's on third and it had this like metal bar and like, you know, one of those places that had like a million beer taps behind it.  So it's just like super long and people can surround me from like all sides too, because I was on a corner and, um, we, we had a night where it was like super busy and everybody was just like wanting their drinks and like, you know, there's a lot going on.  Um, and I was going to tell you a different story. Okay. I have a couple of bartending stories, but anyways, like, so when you're back there and everybody's screaming at you for things, you get a lot of anxiety because it's just like, ah, everybody's coming at me and not calm.  And they, on the other side have anxiety because they don't know when they're getting served. Right. As humans, we don't like randomness.  We want to know like when we're getting what we're getting. So I realized I was like, okay, I just need a system.  And I just yelled at everybody. I was like, okay. Okay, there's so many of you. Here's what I'm going to do.  I'm going to start on this side. I'm going to work my way down the line. And then I'm going to go back to where I started and start over again.  So if y'all get out of line, it's your own fault, but that's what's happening. And then as soon as I said that, everybody was just quiet, patiently waited, thanked me for letting them know, because like, even if it was going to be 10, 20 minutes before they got served, they knew when they were going to get served.  So that was when a light bulb went on. like, , if you tell people like what's going on, even if it's like not ideal and it's like, hey, it's going to be an hour before I can get you a drink.  At least they know. So we can do that with our clients as they go through this process because they've made one of the biggest probably purchases that they've made apart from like car, you know, and you could buy a car with the amount that they pay us the first time while these people have a good amount of money.  It's still a massive purchase. So if we can manage people's expectations throughout the process, then they always feel like, OK, cool.  I'm in the right place. I know where I'm at, in the world, in this process, even if it's going to be two months until my search starts.  So I say that because we can think about that when we hand over to another team member. It's like, hey, here's where you are in the process.  And then at the end of that session, here's what's going to happen next. Here's what to expect next. And when we do that, then we don't get  clients that are like, what's going on?  I haven't heard from you. Like, why hasn't my search started? It's like, so this process is designed to manage their expectations and let them know what's coming up.  And I think we can improve on this even more, right? But this is where it's at right now. So that kickoff call is basically that, like, here's what's coming.  Here's what's going to be scheduled. Here's what to expect. Then the next call that they get is a tech onboarding call where we get them onto their Slack channels.  We get them on their dashboards. We start assigning them homework to do to keep them busy and like, , there's, I think, a hundred buyers club calls now.  on their dashboard. So there's so much content to keep them busy. We also send them two books when they start.  They get a mug that looks like this, and then we send them, buy them, build, and never split the difference.  And so we also say, like, after they get their gift, it's like, hey, dive in, you know? So they have plenty to keep them busy and things that they could do to set themselves up for success during this process.  On that tech onboarding call is also when we're, I think, scheduling call number two and three. Anke can tell you more specifically about what happens there.  But what I also want us to do, kind of at every point, is start planting seeds of what good looks like.  Like, what good client, what clients that close do versus those that don't. So we're going to start peppering more of that in, because it's like, good looks like this.  Like, You're blasting through that buyer's club. You're watching everything that you can. So when you get your first write-up, you have all that knowledge that our clients that have been with us for a year already have.  Right. Then we have them fill out a form that's just like basic information. So we can like send them the gift, get started, understand where they're at.  And then they get an exercise called the perfect day. Um, this is a really great visualization exercise that I, I, I didn't create it.  I got it like a couple of years ago. And I don't think especially Americans like spend enough time, like actually visualizing like, what does an amazing day in my life look like?  And then how is what I'm doing every day work towards that? And so a lot of these people have just been following what they've been told, you know, kind of their whole life, like family, job, kids, house, whatever, blah.  And yet they're very disillusioned where they're at right now. So we have that opportunity throughout this process to not only like talk about like, okay, let's get you some money with a business, which is awesome.  And that creates freedom and it creates choice, but also what does your dream life look like for you? And how is this business going to fit into that?  So when we understand that for them and or push them to start thinking about that and really crystallizing that, like, okay, what is this business going to create for you in your life?  It's one of the reasons why we spend so much time on the sales calls, kind of digging into their why to get that emotional connection from them that this business is so much more than just an investment.  It's creating the life that you want by giving you the cash that you want and the lifestyle that you want, even if you're working really hard.  So we send them this perfect day exercise and ask them to complete it before they get on the call.  And it's a visualization exercise. I would probably ask you guys to do it yourselves. Bye. Bye. You have access to it in this document.  It's really powerful. And since I've done it, I can close my eyes and I'm transported exactly to what my perfect place is going to be.  And everything that I do on a daily basis is getting me towards that. But on a daily basis, I'm also creating things that help me have my perfect day.  You know, so there's like future me, like 10 years. And like, I got the Oprah lifestyle and my little circus paradise and, you know, Costa Rica or Bali somewhere.  But right now I also, I have that, right? I have that purpose that feels like my perfect day now or working towards it, or I know when I'm getting out of alignment from that.  But the reason why I kind of harp on this is because it's really hard to get clients to push through the hard times if they don't have a connection to that bigger picture to like where their destination is, right?  And I call it perfect day or setting the destination. Like if you get in your car and you don't know where you're going, then it's going to take you a real long time.  Get there, you're going to have the wrong people in the car. You're probably going to break down. You're going to get lost.  Like, it sucks. So if we can get them to try to start setting that destination so we can help them get there, and or when they're like, ah, there's a block in the road, it's like, remember, right?  Like, we can anchor them back to what they're trying to get to. So onboarding session one, I'm going to get into, like, the specifics, but this is where we're really getting to know them, their skill set, their backgrounds, their values, you know, what's important to them.  We're not really diving much into business characteristics here, but we do want to understand what their experience is like, you know?  Then after we've done this, then we give them the business characteristics form, which is pretty exhaustive, asking them all sorts of things about business characteristics.  And what we're trying to do here is uncover strong preferences. preferences for no's, because if they have a strong preference, like I would never in my life look at, like we had a Kevin, he's like, my family business was in sewage, like nothing in sewage, nothing in septic, I won't go anywhere near it.  It's like, okay, cool. Good for us to know so that we don't put something in front of you and spend all that time working on it.  So we're trying to uncover what their strong preferences is for no's, and then leave them wide open on other things.  So we had a client, Morgan, actually, I think it's going to be Luke's client, and he got on the call and he selected two industries.  And I was like, okay, I appreciate you're trying to be dialed in. But like, it doesn't give us much to work on or much for you to practice on.  So let's like open that up a bit, right? So we're trying to make sure that they're open to possibility while also defining what is a no for them, like a hard no, and if they're on the fence.  That's a perfect opportunity for us to stress test that in the early days with write-ups. It's like, well, you said you were like not sure about these kinds of businesses.  Here's a business with this characteristic for you to look under the hood and make a determination about that. So when they fill out that form, then the next session is going to be diving into that form and going through it in detail to understand their thought process and why they made those decisions.  This is really important for you to not only get their preferences, but understand how they make decisions. You know, sometimes and a lot of times it's influenced by what they heard other people say.  It's not necessarily their personal preference. So that's where you can start discerning like, okay, when I put businesses in front of them, I know that they're going to be influenced by this thing that they heard, but I know this thing over here is important to them.  So I'm going to have to explain why I've put something in front of them that they feel like they have a strong preference for, but actually is just something they learned.  And this is why I'm so excited about. Getting you guys involved into these calls because you're going to be able to have those interactions, build that trust with them so that when you do start putting things in front of them, it's like, remember on the call, we talked about this being a gray area for you.  This is one of those businesses. And it was actually devised this way in the first place because I was the one doing write-ups and putting deals in front of them.  So the sessions were important, but like I said, it was a bandwidth thing that with Luke being the only one pushing out write-ups and with the team kind of like at capacity, it made sense for us to take the onboarding sessions off because they're such exhaustive kind of calls.  But now it makes sense to put it back onto you guys because you're going to be able to develop the relationship, really start understanding them as a person.  And the ideal scenario is that you can start looking at businesses as if you were them, right? And also as you.  So it's like, okay, with my professional. You know, opinion and experience and also not having the emotional connection to the things that I know are going to be like an issue for them or maybe a blocker for them.  I can look at this deal and I also can put myself in their seat and see how they're going to be looking at this so that when I put something in front of them that might make them uncomfortable, I can explain why and how to push through that.  Does that make sense? Cool. Um, then after the onboarding session, we get them to do SBA pre-qualification, um, with Live Oak.  This is where they're going to look at like their background, their experience, um, their financial situation. And then they're going to write a letter saying like, we would, um, pre-qualify this person up to a certain amount.  Um, it's super helpful for you guys to have that letter when you're trying to get through brokers who are like, does this person have money?  And it's like, well, Live Oak thinks they do, you know, and they're like, oh, okay. Live Oak's notorious for being the like most conservative.  And also they don't often put numbers on people's letter. They'll just say like letter of support, but they won't say how much that they would pre-call them for.  So it's pretty powerful. Even if the broker doesn't like Live Oak, often they turn down more deals and they'll actually like give term sheets for.  But it's a super helpful thing for you all to go out and represent people with and for us to get an idea of what their buying power might be.  Because even though they tell us they have this amount of money and like houses and this sort of thing, it's like, okay, well, what's the bank going to look at you like?  And if the number comes back lower than what we thought, like, how are we going to navigate that? What do we need to talk about in terms of the tools and the toolkits for them if they want to increase their buying power?  Or what do we need to be aware of? Or might be an issue? Like if you're trying to get through for a bigger deal and their pre-call is a little bit lower.  Then the map confirmation call is where we're We're looking at their geography preferences, and almost all of our clients have tight geographical preferences.  They want to stay close to home. They don't want a big commute. That is hands down the biggest limiter in terms of their deal flow.  So I reckon, and Anke can confirm this all with you guys, this might be a call for you also to be on to talk them through that, right?  It's like, okay, we can do something that's only 15 minutes away from your house, but it just means I'm going to be able to put less deals on your desk.  So under what circumstances might you be willing to go a bit further afield, right? Like what characteristics in a business are going to make you be okay going somewhere?  And you guys know my story of like, well, you know, Athena like hadn't even considered Dallas and then found her perfect business and she was willing to move there.  Like she didn't care. So like, what if it's got all these kids? So you're basically trying to like test the boundaries here.  And also start planting seeds and managing expectations that if they're saying like no more than a 15 minute commute, it's going to be, it's going to take a long time to find them a business.  So we're trying to get them to widen it and also know where the gray areas are, under what circumstances and be like, hey, I'd rather us start big.  And then as we go through this, we can tighten it up because you can look at businesses that have these characteristics or might be a little bit further afield and see how you feel about it.  And if it's still a no, then we can reduce it. So then the very last thing before we start their search is we build a buyer profile, which you guys are seeing, and their deal box, and we have them sign it off.  So they have confidence that like we've brought everything together and they're comfortable with how we're going out in the world and representing them and what we are looking at, what the criteria is.  And then after that. Typically, we're having them join Buyers Club. We're pushing it off a little bit with these new ones just because there's so many of them.  I'm trying to figure out the right way to do it. So we might have them join tomorrow. We might have them join next week.  What's the search prep call, Anke? I don't know that one. Is that a new one?

27:19 - Anke Jordaan
  Yeah, that's a new one that we added to just recap. Okay, your onboarding is done. Your search is about to start maybe tomorrow or in the next couple of days.  This is just to recap on the most important stuff that you need to be aware of when your first write-up comes, what it's going to look like, just a reminder how Notion works, where to get your write-up, response times, reminders, feedback loop reminders, just to remind them of stuff that we told them in the beginning of the onboarding process.

27:51 - Athena Simpson (Unrestricted)
  Okay, cool. So what we should also emphasize in that call over everything is, is like, again, The characteristics of clients that do really well versus those, like well versus don't, it's probably not the right words, but of the clients that close and get under offer and make the most progress, like this is what that looks like.  Of the ones that don't, this is what that looks like. So that it's fresh in their head of if you want to get there quicker, people that join all the buyers clubs that take every call, that like respond really quickly, that take action, that is what often gets them the deal, right?  And having an open mind versus going into analysis paralysis or not responding or not coming into any of the calls, et cetera, et cetera.  So I'm assuming we probably don't have that scheduled for these four new ones that are starting this week. Okay.  Maybe we could do that next week.

28:48 - Anke Jordaan
  I'm thinking about it. think it's a good idea. Yeah.

28:50 - Athena Simpson (Unrestricted)
  Cool. Okay. Any questions in the overview? I'm sure like there's a lot of questions on the technicality. What happens when, but does this make sense as kind of a process so far?

29:05 - Charis Siau
  Yes, for sure.

29:08 - Athena Simpson (Unrestricted)
  Cool. It's pretty exhaustive. And with these buyer profiles, I should say, currently have David building out the Oracle, which is going to, like, own all of the details of the buyer profiles, and the intention of that is that it learns and iterates on itself so that every client call that we're having, when they're giving feedback in Slack, we can be feeding that back into the Oracle, and it's, like, updating the client preferences and deal boxes, like, everywhere so that we're all working off the same data.  One thing that we're running into right now is this, like, game of telephone, like, client tells me something, like, Ida's watching the client replay, maybe that gets to the team in some way.  It's a communication breakdown that we're aware of, and the way we're solving for it is by we're going to have this like one thing.  So that is also coming. And when it's built, you guys will get the information on like what you need to do to like make sure that it's updated, like where you keep checking for updates and that sort of thing.  So I'll preface with that. Okay, cool. So Anke can go through like the timing specifics and everything. What I want to spend the rest of our time on is going through call one and two and just kind of talking through the why.  And then Anke and Ida are going to take you through like the technical processes. And then also tomorrow, you have some scheduled time to actually prep for the first onboarding calls since Charis and Luke, I think you're on one this week and then Cash.  Next week. Is that right?

31:02 - Anke Jordaan
  That's right. Okay, cool.

31:09 - Athena Simpson (Unrestricted)
  Onboarding one. Okay. So before they get on the call, they've been sent that setting the destination exercise. I'd look at it and maybe even try it out yourself so you can get a flavor for what they're being asked to do.  Um, I also find that helps build rapport to like, as you're going through this stuff, and you guys will see how I do that on the calls, but it's like, Oh, they'll say something like that was really big for me.  And you can be like, Oh, yeah, like, I had a moment like that when I was going through it to the purpose of this call is like to get to know them, but also to build trust and rapport, you know, like, it, I don't know, like, I've been in the woo communities for so long, like, you know, people are like, staring into your eyes and making you like do long hugs when they first meet you and you don't know.  They are, so, but memory serves, you know, some Americans are just, like, over-sharers, but most of them are not used to being, like, asked about them and their goals and their vision and that sort of thing.  So, you know, to, I will, I will make jokes about that or just trying to put them at ease for it, too, and then explain to them as they go through this, like, why it's to their interest to kind of open up with us, you know.  know, it's, like, we're here to find you your perfect business, and the more we know about what perfect looks like for you, rather than perfect, like, we want to find you the right business, you know.  We want to find you the one, and the more that we know about you and what good looks like for you, the more we can help you do that.  So I'm just going to go through the prep. I'm just going to pull up the script so far. So the script doesn't have the context into, like, the sections and why we're asking those sections.  page here goes, about There he the ofili mrs I Anke, which tab am I on?

33:05 - Anke Jordaan
  I'm just throwing you on the big screen, Athena. You are on that tab. I left the comments to give the extra context on each question.

33:16 - Athena Simpson (Unrestricted)
  Okay, cool. So in the call, this is going to be the, you know, here's where you are in the process, right?  Like pulling up the map that I just showed you guys and like we're at call one or whatever we name it after this.  So cool. You know, basically today, here's what we're going to do. So I always like to set the stage so they understand what's coming, why we're doing it, and then what's going to happen afterwards.  So humans are, I learned this in events, right? Like when you start an event and if people don't know where the bathrooms are, when they're getting food and water, and what time the breaks are, that they will be distracted throughout the whole thing.  So it's like you kind of have to like do the housekeeping at the beginning, especially when they're coming into a tour.  Our call where they really don't have that much information and know what's going on. They've just done this like weird exercise, like, okay, what are we doing?  So here's where you're at. Here's what we're going to do today, which is getting to know you, your goals, your aspirations, skill sets.  And then after this, we're going to be sending you a questionnaire. And that's when we're going to be going through the business characteristics.  So I kind of like reiterate, like, we're not going to get into your deal box today. We're going to be talking about other things, like, like goals and your skill set and your exposure to different businesses and maybe some of your experience so far, but I'm not going to get into industries and that sort of thing.
  ACTION ITEM: Add reminder to onboarding script re: industry list - emphasize hard no's, leave maybes open
 - WATCH: https://fathom.video/calls/365720064?timestamp=2072.9999  We're going to do that next time. You're going to have a lot of time to reflect on that. Also, if it's not in this document, Anke, like, let's make sure we put it at the end to really reiterate to them when they go through the questionnaire that we want your nose.  So if it's a maybe leave it because then we can put the maybes in front of you. If you don't give us a lot to work with on the industry list, then it's going to get you even less deals.  So most people are geographically restricted. So we need them to be open as much as possible on industries. So what happened with Morgan, which Luke will be looking at that call, we didn't do a good job of telling him that.  So when he went through, he just eliminated everything and picked like two industries. And there's, I think, like 300 industries on there or something.  So then at the beginning of the call, I was like, okay, we're going to have to widen this back up.  Here's why. And he's like, oh, if I would have known that. So I'm like, okay, you know, anytime someone has a point of confusion, I try to note that down in a way that we can improve our process or our communication.  So it's feedback for all of us. So I'd love for you all to be thinking about that too. Like at any point when a client's confused about something, it means that there's an opportunity.  For us to make it easier for them to understand where they're at or what they need to do, you know, could we have communicated something like earlier on to avoid that confusion?  They don't know our process. They don't what to expect. They don't know how it works. So if we're not telling them, it's understandable that they would be confused, you know, and also reiterating kind of multiple times different things.  It might be some time between when they do this call and when they go into that characteristic. So at the end of this call is like, hey, so in that industry list, what I need you to think about is like, what are hard no's for you?  Because what I don't want to do is get four or five people looking at deals for you that you're just going to eliminate the second it gets to your desk because we didn't know that that was a hard no for you.  So really focus on hard no's. If it's a maybe or you're not sure, leave it open and we can put a deal in front of you and that's where we can calibrate whether that's a no.  Or a yes after you look through a deal. So Anke, let's make sure that gets added to the end of this script.  Because I think that's one of those things in my head that I make sure I reiterate. Then here's that housekeeping thing.  Like, you know, they're like, it's a two hour call. Am I going to be able to go to the bathroom and get a drink?  Um, so, you know, I say, depending on, you know, how long this call takes, um, might take an hour and a half, might take two hours, depending on how much we talk.  But at the hour or halfway through, I'm going to, I'm going to have us do a five, 10 minute break.  And I actually make sure that I do that because they'll say like, Oh no, I'm good. But like, this is a lot.  It's a lot to be interviewed for two hours. Like give yourself and them that break, unless somebody is just like super quick.  And you're like blasting through and it's like, I'll probably be done in an hour and 15 minutes. Most of the time they'd like to talk and you're doing a good job if they are talking, if they're opening up to you.  So you really want to be. Taking this time to get to know them and build that rapport. So just take a break halfway through and tell them that you're going to do that.  Then the other thing is people don't like feeling like they're repeating themselves unless they understand why they're repeating themselves.  So that's why I say, hey, I know you talked to Austin about a lot of this stuff. I've actually watched all those calls, but what I think is helpful is diving deeper into some of those points.  So if you feel like you're repeating yourself, it's okay. That's part of this process. I just want to, like, I'm going to be asking you questions from different angles to learn about you.  So then they're like, oh, okay. I'm not repeating myself. And wow, like you've already caught up with Austin and you've watched the calls.  Like, that's pretty cool. Um, and also I, I give myself permission to cut them off. There's a lot to get through in here.  And as you guys get better at doing these calls, you'll realize when you're like, okay, we're a little. So then you can say like, hey, you know, we've got a lot to cover today.  I don't normally do this, but for this call, do I have permission to cut you off at times so we can stay on topic?  And usually they'll say yes. And I do this at the beginning. So it doesn't feel rude when and if you have to use this.  Not often do I, but some clients like to talk a little bit and they can get off track. So this is one of those managing the expectations thing.  Like it can be a little abrupt if you do it without telling them you're going to do it. But when you do it and you've told them you're going to do it, then they're like, oh yeah, of course.  Like let's, let's keep going. You know, always telling them we're recording the sessions for our reference and note-taking purposes.  This is something you guys will get really used to when you do the broker calls. Like, hey, I'm recording this for note-taking purposes.  Is that okay with you? At the end, getting permission. Like, is it okay if I share my notes with the client, owners, that sort of thing.  So I just like to, obviously everything's recorded now. But I just like to remind them of that. Any questions before we get started?  So usually they don't, but it just gives them, like, people can be really distracted about things if it's on their mind.  So I just like to, like, let's clear out their head and get them focused before we go into it.  You guys probably noticed I do that with you, too. Like, any questions? How are we feeling? Then it's like, okay, good.  Is that all making sense so far? So I think it's, like, the setting the stage. These are just, like, notes from my reference.  But, again, it doesn't give you the context as to why. So that's why I wanted to talk through this because you're going to see these calls that we're doing, but now you're going to understand why I'm doing these points and why I do things the way that I do so that you can also do that on the calls when you're running them.  So the setting the destination exercise, I kind of like to start with that. I'm like, okay, cool. So how did that feel for you?  And they're like, yeah, good. Okay. Hey, I need to like dig into this a little bit more and get him talking a little bit.  So, hey, did anything, like I've done it before. was pretty like weird the first time I did it. Did anything come through that you felt like you weren't expecting or was it easy for you?  And like get him talking and be like, cool. So like, what does your perfect day look like? And if they're still like being cagey about it, just be like, so one of the things we do here, which is really cool and why you've hired us, is like you get to wave a magic wand, essentially.  Like this business is going to create a lifestyle for you. Some people want brick and mortar. They're going in there like being with team every day.  Other people are like, put me on a remote beach somewhere where I'm running a remote team. Other people think that's their idea of help.  So, you know, it's kind of cool. Like if you're thinking about your perfect day and we understand that, then I can be looking at businesses for you that are going to help you achieve that.  And that might like break down the defenses a little bit. So, Like, or they might be embarrassed that they couldn't, they couldn't think of anything like this can be a tough exercise for some people.  When I was, um, I was a high performance coach for a couple of years, like for high performers or people that have been corporate their whole lives, this, this can be really hard and it can be embarrassing for them if they couldn't get through this exercise and actually articulate things.  So it might be one of two things there if, um, if they're not giving you answers there, but you want to kind of like build a rapport, talk through why we're asking about this, maybe even do that before we dig in.  So like, I realized it's a little weird, but like, you know, what we're here to do is help you create the lifestyle that you want.  So that's why we have you do the exercise. So, you know, if you don't mind sharing some details with me about what that might look like, or maybe you don't have it clear.  Um, but that's something we can help you figure out too, when you start looking at these businesses. So then.  You want to kind of look at if there's a disconnect between their perfect day, business ownership, like if they're saying like, oh, I'll get up, I'll go to the gym, then I'll spend a couple hours with my team, then I might have lunch with my wife, and then I'll like, you know, do some computer work.  It's like, okay, they're thinking about where this fits into it. If they're like, I'm going to run away to a beach and like, at no point am I interacting with people, then you're like, I need to dig into that a little bit more.  Like, okay, what, how does business ownership fit into your lifestyle? Or like, is the perfect day, like, is that like a 10-year thing or like, when is that happening, right?  Or is that, I buy this business, it happens immediately. What I'm also trying to uncover in this process is how prepared this person is for business ownership.  And I'm not going to correct them necessarily because this is a goal setting call. I'm Thank And we're figuring out them, but that is a big kind of like watch out that can be like a challenge for us throughout this process.  So if we're aware of the disconnect between the reality of what business ownership looks like and where they're at, then we can work with that throughout the process.  So that's another thing that I'm trying to understand throughout this process is like, how hard is this person prepared to work?  How much do they understand that starting a business is like, ah, all the time, right? Like, even if you love your business, it's like, you just, you're just in a constant state of like, roller coaster.  Are they prepared for that? Have they ever experienced that before? What are they going to do when they experience that?  And this is me as, you know, business coach, business consultant is trying to like, okay, how much do I need to prepare this person for the reality?  Or they have a really good mindset and they understand there's going to be a lot of hard work. Most people do because Austin does a really good job of doing some of this beforehand.  But if they're saying their ideal is to be on a beach somewhere with a remote team, then we need to pay attention to that, right?  Like as we're looking at businesses for them. If it's a business that is a brick and mortar and they will never be able to leave the country, then there is going to be resistance from them throughout the process.  So we're also uncovering like what's going to prevent them from moving forward on deals if we really understand what ideal looks like for them, right?  Or somebody that's like, remote is my idea of hell. I need to be interacting with team in person. It's like, okay, I need to listen to that if I'm looking at businesses for them and not put businesses where they're going to be, you know, stuck behind a computer.  That's my ideal. Obviously, I've built a business where I can travel anywhere in the world and like be a remote business because that's my ideal.  I want other people to have the opportunity to do that too. But for some people, they need interaction with people, customers, you know, face-to-face, that sort of thing.  Does that all make sense so far? So I think this is why we're so different from any other brokerage, buy-side advisor, search service, et cetera, because nobody asks these questions.  I don't think many of them even care. It's like, what industry, how much money do you want to make?  Like, you know, it's just these things that have to do with financial investments. But if you're dealing with somebody who's going to take a 3 million, 4 million, 5 million, some of our clients are negotiating like $8 million deals right now.  And it's essentially an $8 million bet. We better be sure that it's going to be a good fit for them overall.  And it's helping them not only. Achieve the financial goals that they have, but the aspirational ones, the lifestyle ones.  So that's why I take this part so seriously. And I think this conversation is probably the most important one we're going to have with them throughout the process.  Make sense so far? Cool. any questions on this kind of initial part or why we do it in this order or anything before I get into the specifics?
  ACTION ITEM: Read through full onboarding script before Fri call, focus on context/why behind questions
 - WATCH: https://fathom.video/calls/365720064?timestamp=2844.9999
  ACTION ITEM: Read through full onboarding script before Fri call, focus on context/why behind questions
 - WATCH: https://fathom.video/calls/365720064?timestamp=2844.9999  Okay. So I think I've given you the overall context and everything so that when you guys go through this script, and I would recommend maybe just reading through this again before we get into our calls that you guys are going to be joining, you can be looking at it through that lens.  Like why might we be asking this question and how would this question be beneficial to me while I'm analyzing deals for them?  Right. Right. Um, so, you know, goals and aspirations, that's obviously just, I went on a big old rant about that, but what's also a big deterrent for them is the financial goals.  So that people will do this and Austin digs into this. I dug into this on sales calls. They'll be like, oh, I only need to earn this much.  It's like, yeah, but what do you want to earn? Right. What, what do you practically need to make to be able to cover your bills?  Like you making income right now, how much do you need to replace your full-time income? So people will be like, I don't need to earn that much.  And it's like, yeah, but why are you doing this? You know, like, what is the point of that? So we need to know what their floor is because if we put businesses in front of them that are below that, they're just going to reject it.  And you and all the team have just wasted time on a deal that they're going to reject before they even get into it because it's not even enough for them to cover their bills or whatever, leave their job.  Most of them want to leave their job. So we need to at least be putting deals in front of them that they can.  Do that and have that option. But then we also want to know what's the ideal. So that's where these financial goals are coming from.  It's like, what's the floor? What's the ideal? What do you actually need? Like, what do you need to make to feel like this is worth it?  Um, and then something else too, men, especially want to be able to give their wife the option of whether she works or not.  And, and that's just like a masculine trait thing. And I really appreciate that about a lot of these husbands are like, I want her to work because she loves to work, not because she has to.  And a lot of our clients are like that. I'm getting emotional thinking about it because a lot of them are like that, right?  Like that's kind of the ultimate masculine pinnacle to be able to give your wife that option and not feel like she has to do it.  Um, but all of the clients. That we have are like, you know, their wives do pretty awesome things. They're super supportive of them, that sort of thing.  But just to be able to offer that to them is like, that makes them feel whole and gives them purpose.  Or that she can go off and do the things that like she loves and work on things and be able to take risks because she's got that stability.  So when I'm, you know, if I'm just dealing with a man that's married, then I ask about that, right?  It's like, do you want, do you want to be able to replace both of your incomes, just yours? Like, and like a lot of times they'll get emotional talking about that.  And it's pretty cool. It's like how awesome that we can make this man feel like he's a good provider.  But also with couples, if we're doing, and we have another couple that's joining, we need to understand the dynamics between the two of them, right?  Like, is one of you going to leave for us? Is one of you going to keep your W-2? Like, oftentimes there's like one person that wants to leave and the other person's like, yeah.  I'm supporting you, but I'm probably going to keep my job because I like it. Other times, it's like, no, we want to work together.  We want to do this business together. So if we have a couple, we want to kind of understand what their plans for their dynamics are.  Then I'm going to skip the financing plans because you guys will see how I handle that tomorrow. Really, we're just trying to get an idea of what their experiences with financing.  Most of them, it's not a lot. Um, which is fine because we, we will help them with the SBA, with the structuring.  We're going to go through the process of having them do their, you know, personal financial statements, getting pre-qualified, et cetera.  Um, the skills and experiences is really important because it gives us a sense of what they've had exposure to, what they have experience in, what they like and dislike in the business.  Um, as well as, as, as, as, Like, do they have experience managing and running a team? And they will tell you what they want, but we also need to be kind of looking through the lens of like, what are they going to be successful at?  So if somebody's like got a ton of sales experience, right? And they admittedly are not good with details, then putting them into a business where the owner was like super detailed process focused, it's probably not a good fit.  So really understanding, like, what are their superpowers and how can we look at businesses that will help them use those superpowers and not put them at a disadvantage?  And then the management experience, I'm kind of trying to get an assessment of like, how much experience do they actually have either in a small business, right, which is a totally different animal from working in corporates, and how much experience do they have managing people?  Because when you take over a small business, it's essential. What you have to do is manage people. And so what is their feelings about that?  What is their experience with it? And if I'm looking at businesses for somebody that doesn't have a whole ton of people management experience and doesn't like it, then I need to take that into account.  If the outgoing owner loves it and like, that's all they do is like coach and mentor and dah, dah, dah, dah.  Like we're also going to be putting them into a situation where they might struggle a little bit. If it's somebody that doesn't have a lot of experience, but is super fired up about being able to take care of team, that's a different story.  So hopefully you guys are kind of, but these are why I'm asking these questions. It's not just them telling us their preferences.  It's us getting an idea of what's their experience? What would they be good at? et cetera. Okay. The hobbies and interests is a really big one to dig into.  You want them to like. Light up. This is the ones where they'll be talking about like, I want this business or I was thinking about this business.  Oftentimes it's influence from the outside world. So what do they love? What do they do on the weekends? Where do they travel?  What are they reading? What are they spending their discretionary time on? What do they geek out about? Wouldn't it be cool if we could find a business that satisfied that in some way?  And it gives us so much more to work with. So I harp on this a lot in this section so that when we start looking at off market, when you're looking at businesses, like, wouldn't it be cool to be able to put a business in front of them like this?  Perfect example, dance studio for a client that like grew up as a dancer. And I was like, oh my God, dance moms, like not everybody can handle those.  Like, but she was perfect for it. And had the broker not misrepresented the numbers, they probably would have moved forward on that business.  But it was like, they never would have said like, yeah, I would like to look at dance. Studios, you know, so we get the opportunity to, like, put businesses in front of them that they never would have even considered themselves.  On the culture and ethics, some businesses, especially in Texas and the South, have religious leanings, like there's religious daycares or businesses that tell themselves it's like being religious.  A lot of our clients are not, or some of our clients are. Also, like, we kind of need to be Swiss in terms of politics, because a lot of our clients, you know, I don't necessarily know what everybody on the team is.  It's not, I don't really think business is a place to talk politics, but it should be a place where anybody can, like, be who they are and go out in the world and be who they are.  With our clients, especially, if they have strong political. One way or another, we need to bear that in mind because it's going to influence their decision-making when they're looking at businesses.  So we have some clients that are pretty conservative. We have some clients that are pretty, what's the opposite of conservative?  Why am I liberal?

56:19 - Charis Siau
  Yeah.

56:20 - Athena Simpson (Unrestricted)
  So that's going to influence their decision-making. And if they particularly pay attention to the news headlines, that's also going to influence their decision-making, right?  So if they're liberal, then they're freaking out right now and they think everything that the administration is doing is going to impact their ability to buy a business.  Equally, when it was the other administration, like conservatives would be concerned about the same thing. So that's something to be aware of because the way that I talk them out of it is...  Like businesses have to weather no matter what administration there is. So waiting to make a decision because of something like that doesn't necessarily like serve you because as a business owner, you're not going to have control over that.  You can vote, but you're not going to have control over it. So business needs to be able to do its thing regardless of what the administration is.  So I'm just trying to uncover like if that's, if they're not really like, I don't dig into it too much.  I just, they'll tell you if they have a strong preference one way or another. Okay, cool. Sorry. I know we're at time.  Then I just try to get a quick overview of like what their experience so far has been so that I can get an idea of how much coaching and education that they're going to need throughout the process or re-education.  And if they've been doing things a certain way based on like what they were hearing out there in the interwebs and that sort of thing.  So that's a pretty involved conversation. And then at the end, like I said, is like. Letting them know where they are in the process, what's going to happen next, what are we going to do with all this information, reminding them the importance of, like, how to fill out that form, you know, please let us know, like, if you have any questions throughout the process.  And also, the last thing that I always ask them is, like, is there anything else that we haven't covered today that you think is important to share?  Um, so, um, that just gives them, like, it might have been another thought or something that came up later.  Usually they don't have anything, but I just give them that final, rather than just, like, wrapping up without giving them that moment, I just give them that moment to, like, have a conversation.  Um, so that is an overview of the process. I know I've run us through time, but how does that feel?  Any questions on why we do any of that or how are we feeling about that as a process for the first call?

59:02 - R Cash
  I mean, I think it's pretty clear, it flows pretty naturally, it makes sense for not just getting the hard facts, but getting a lot of the subjective factors and beliefs that are ultimately going to influence whether they're prepared or ready or in the right headspace, and it gives you the subjective lockers or green lights as to what's going to work.

59:29 - Athena Simpson (Unrestricted)
  Yeah, love that, Cash, exactly. It's like, there's no judgment for me, right? Like, everybody's, like, if they've signed on as a client, we've ascertained they're, like, likely a good person with their heart in the right place, and everybody's going to have different experience levels, different fear factors, different reasons for why they're doing this.  And if you understand those, then it should remove a lot of those blockers from your process, because you're going to understand how they think a lot more, you know, than if we were just like...  Okay, what kind of business do you want and how much money? And then they start rejecting things and you're like, why are you rejecting that?  It's literally what you said you wanted. So it should, in theory, make your life a lot easier because you're going to know what you're dealing with as you go through it.  And then also we as a team can love on them in specific areas where they're going to need extra support.  So how do you guys feel about running this call? Is it like, I'm excited to, I don't know if I'm the right person to run it.  Like, how's the overall feeling about you guys going through this process with them?

1:00:38 - Charis Siau
  I mean, I think, you know, we won't know till we try. So might as well just go head on over heels and just give it a go and see how it feels.  I think for me, it's, you know, it's pretty similar what we were doing on the franchise acquisition side with the buy side.  were doing a deep discovery. A little bit opposite on the industry side, we were trying to narrow down as little as possible just because, you know, the landscape is a bit different on the search process.  But I'm pretty familiar, I think, with this whole onboarding and just trying to figure out their why and so important to lay that foundation.  You know, I think in most of what we do, it's like 80% preparation to get that proper execution. So that's exactly what you guys are doing.

1:01:35 - Athena Simpson (Unrestricted)
  Awesome. Luke, you've been exposed to this by listening to the calls. How are you feeling about stepping in the driver's seat in the future on these?

1:01:44 - Luke Gillespie
  Yeah, I was going to say I'm pretty excited and confident. I think I can do it well. And yeah, I have more experience seeing them than Cash and Charis.  So I understand I might be more confident, but you guys are training us great, Athena and Anke. So you're setting us up for success.  So I'm excited and confident for it. But just to clarify, to realize maybe how confident I should or shouldn't be that call that I'm in on Friday.

1:02:08 - Athena Simpson (Unrestricted)
  Am I leading that? Or I thought I was just shadowing you? no, no, no. Yeah, you're shadowing.

1:02:12 - Luke Gillespie
  Good question.

1:02:14 - Athena Simpson (Unrestricted)
  So no, nobody's going to be leading the calls yet on these first ones. But what I want on the call, and I'm going to throw to you guys the various sections to see if there's anything you want to dig on.  So you're not just listening. I think I want to bring you into the conversation and be like, hey, is there anything you want to ask on this section that I didn't cover?  So just be prepared for that. think as you're going through those natural questions that pop up as we're going through it, write it down, and I'll just pass over to you a couple times throughout the session so you can ask some questions too, but I'll lead it.  And then the hope is that, you know, after you see me do one or two of these, that you guys can just carry on with the new clients and do it yourselves.  I think the big thing is just get curious about them. You know, and like, it can be like, easy to just be like, okay, I asked this question, they answered, let me move on to the next question.  When they answer, I'm always thinking like, did I get enough out of that answer that I feel like they answered it fully?  Or do I need to dig into it? Right? So just having that moment. And it can be hard when you're staring at like a bunch of different questions, right?  It's like, I need to get through all these questions. But remember the purpose as to why we're doing this and how it's going to help you.  So if you're like, okay, like, what does a perfect day look like? And they're like, um, you know, I have it right now.  You know, it's like, did I get enough out of that answer to really know what that looks like, to be able to like start looking at businesses for them.  So just get really curious and don't be afraid to like keep, you know, asking questions in a different way.  And if we're like stonewalling it, I might come back to it later. Once I built rapport. So you're all, you know, it, it, it's a lot of fun.  And most of the times when they, they've, I've never really had anyone stonewall. Just some people are used to talking more than others.  You know, so we kind of need to give them permission to like open up and dig if they're a short answer kind of person.  And that's okay too. You know, I like what I, what excites me is like trying to figure out people, you know, like what's going to be the thing that like, what's their thing?  Everybody has a thing that they like harp on and hold them back, you know? So like Peter, who's, who's got Peter, is that Cash or Charis?  Yeah. Peter will like, he's so afraid of like making another mistake. He will go into like analysis paralysis, like immediately, but he's totally open to like, wait, you guys like are saying.  I paid you a whole bunch of money. should listen to you and follow your process. It's like, yeah. And he's like, okay, cool.  And then he'll move forward, you know? So, but he has the fear of like, he bought a business seven years ago and he didn't know any of this stuff and he did it wrong.  And he had a really hard time for seven years. So he's trying not to repeat that. So I know that about him so that when he does the, here's my really long report about everything.  I'm like, okay, cool. You're going to get on the next call. Like, let's keep moving. Like, you know, Gil, for example, like he just needs reassurance.  He'll take action, but like, he's just like, I just need a quick call to talk through things. Okay. And he'll take action.  He'll take action. Like he loves a process. He'll follow a process. If he's not clear, he'll ask questions. So they each have their thing that it's like, what do I need to give them to get them moving, you know, and make them feel confident in this process.  That's what I'm kind of looking for is like, can I just start learning them as a person throughout this?  I know we're running over on time. Let me just check my agenda real quick. So what I think, this actually works pretty well, because the next thing that you guys need to do is onboarding one.
  ACTION ITEM: Prep for Fri onboarding call - review script, note questions for Athena
 - WATCH: https://fathom.video/calls/365720064?timestamp=3975.9999  So let's not get too in the weeds on the rest of the process, Anke. You can talk through where they fit into it, but I think the specifics of tomorrow, you're going to be doing the actual preparation for the calls.
  ACTION ITEM: Prep for Fri onboarding call - review script, note questions for Athena
 - WATCH: https://fathom.video/calls/365720064?timestamp=3975.9999  So in order to prepare for those calls that you guys are on, we want you to watch the sales calls, because the sales calls are what we take and how we use preparation to prepare for these calls.  So there's a process. So just check whatever client that you have an onboarding call for, and then make sure you watch those sales calls for that client before your training tomorrow, if you can, or at least get a start on those calls, so that when Anke and Ida take you through how to prepare for those calls, you know.  and... just continue. Bye You know, you have the background, but that is going to be a part of the preparation for the onboarding one call is making sure that you're watching the sales calls before you do that.  So that there is that continuity of conversation. They're like, hey, I know you've already talked to Austin about a lot of this stuff.  I'm probably going to have you repeat some things. I did watch those calls, you know, to that effect. And I'm going to be telling you to do something that I am not doing because it is best practice to do that.  I have not had the bandwidth and I kind of had to take onboardings back. So I won't be doing that before the calls on Monday.  So I'll just or this week. So I'll just call that out. That's that I mean, not best practice. But you guys will have the bandwidth to do it because you're only going to be taking one to two clients on a month, likely.  So I'd really like to get back to the fact. But it also used to be me on the sales calls.  So it's just recently that I was. So I had to be like, okay, I know you talked about all this with me on the sales calls, but we're going to be going through it again.  And then Anke, do you guys want to do the brainstorm on the calls later today?

1:08:14 - Anke Jordaan
  The brainstorm on the, on the inboxes?

1:08:17 - Athena Simpson (Unrestricted)
  On the names of the calls.

1:08:19 - Anke Jordaan
  Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Sorry. Just to confuse the brainstorming sessions we're working on.

1:08:23 - Athena Simpson (Unrestricted)
  Yeah, that's a great idea. I'll add it to our agenda then. Yeah. Yeah. So why don't you take the agenda points that I didn't get to in terms of clarity on where and how Ida fits into the process.  Give them a little bit more detail on like what's coming next so that they can wrap their heads around how we prepare them for onboarding to show them what onboarding to looks like and the business characteristics and that sort of thing.  Do the brainstorming and then there's some areas we're going to have to start filling in some details on the onboarding process.  So if there's any actions for anybody here, just clarify that. That's cool. And then I won't keep up more of your time now, so you guys can go to your next onboarding.

1:09:06 - R Cash
  Yes, Josh. Hey, Athena, at what point do clients start having weekly calls?

1:09:12 - Athena Simpson (Unrestricted)
  So we have current client weekly calls that you guys, some of you are being added to now. Which calls do we have today?

1:09:22 - R Cash
  I've got Polly and Steve. Okay, great.

1:09:27 - Athena Simpson (Unrestricted)
  So all you need to do today is kind of listen in. There's no action for you there, but I want to start introducing you guys to the clients.  And then next week, I'll give you more of a format. So the existing clients already have weekly calls.

1:09:45 - R Cash
  So that's kind of the question is like, at what point do they start having those weekly calls? Because I've also got Peter, who's an active client, but I don't have any weekly calls with Peter.  So is it just that he hasn't started getting weekly calls yet, or...? No.

1:09:59 - Athena Simpson (Unrestricted)
  We're Thank Oh, he canceled his call today. So we did him a little bit differently because he was our most recent client.  I was running out of time in my schedule. So we were doing every other week calls with him. He's traveling right now, so he wasn't able to make his call today.  We're confirming with him whether we can do it next week with him, same time. And then we'll introduce you on that call, tell him it's going to start being weekly.  And Peter's really early in a search. So that'll be awesome to, like, get more face time with you, like, on the process and the write-up process at two.  So he's pretty early. He just started this month or last month.

1:10:40 - R Cash
  No, I just wanted to make sure I just didn't get added to those or what the deal was. Because I know that Steve and Pauly are, like, a recurring event that happens, like, the same time every week.  So.

1:10:52 - Athena Simpson (Unrestricted)
  Peter will be the same, but he doesn't know that he's going to be getting a weekly we were doing every other week because I, were doing every week.  It was just like scheduling issues with me. So we'll be telling him next week if we get on the call like, hey, we'd like to make these weekly.  He needs it too because he's getting in his head and he's not taking action. So I think having that accountability of like weekly check-ins is going to help Peter move faster on the deals.  He's not taking the calls. He's kind of like getting into this analysis thing and sending us like massive reports on the deals before he even like has calls and stuff.

1:11:28 - R Cash
  So they all do something when they're early in their search. So this is normal. Cool. So yeah, we'll talk through that next week.

1:11:38 - Athena Simpson (Unrestricted)
  But for Steve and Polly, they're so awesome.

1:11:40 - R Cash
  They're going to be really excited to meet you. watched the calls like with them. At least I watched the onboarding calls.  haven't watched the sales calls yet. But no, they seem super cool, super fun. yeah, we're probably going to be going through modeling on a call.

1:11:55 - Athena Simpson (Unrestricted)
  Like Luke just put a deal in front of them that they're excited about. Polly was doing the model. So we'll probably go through that and stuff.  then in next week, we'll do some more training on exactly what, how we're going to divvy up the calls, expectations for you guys on those calls, where to bring me in, that sort of thing.  So we'll give you some more clarity there. Apologize, we don't have it yet, but we're building the rocket ship while we're lifting off.  Um, so there's no expectations for you guys today, other than just like listening in saying hi, and I'm getting to know you like, um, cause I want them to know that, uh, just to like, feel comfortable that there's going to be a handoff.

1:12:38 - R Cash
  Yeah.

1:12:40 - Athena Simpson (Unrestricted)
  Awesome.

1:12:41 - R Cash
  But they're, they're awesome.

1:12:42 - Athena Simpson (Unrestricted)
  They're some of my favorites. So, I mean, they're all my favorites, but Steven Pauly in particular, like are really good about just telling the team how much value that they're getting from this process.  And how much they appreciate us.

1:12:54 - R Cash
  what's their deal? Like I saw they've like, they started with you like over a year ago, like. June of last year, like I thought I read it wrong.  What's kind of the story of?

1:13:08 - Athena Simpson (Unrestricted)
  They're the ones that took the basic package when we thought no one was going to take the basic package, and then they didn't sign an NDA for six months.  So they were afraid, like there was a fear and a block there that signing an NDA meant that they had to buy the business.  So they would like analyze businesses, but they wouldn't move forward, but they were on a package where we didn't do any advisory support or coaching.

1:13:31 - R Cash
  were just putting deals in front of them.

1:13:32 - Athena Simpson (Unrestricted)
  So then last summer, I was like, hey, guys, you're not moving forward. I think you need to move on to the full package.  And they're like, you're right. And they made progress, but they're definitely like on the slower end of like making progress.  But now that like Polly is just like immediately seeing a deal and starting to put it into modeling. So they're pretty accelerated now.  It just took them a while to get there.

1:14:00 - R Cash
  Got you. Cool. Well, excited to meet him and dive in a lot deeper.

1:14:06 - Athena Simpson (Unrestricted)
  Awesome. Well, thanks, guys. Sorry I kept you a little bit late. And Anke will do some more stuff with you guys on the onboarding.  So any questions that you have, let her know. But I think you're going to have two more trainings before you even get on a call with me on Friday for Charis and Luke.  And any questions you have throughout, let us know. I'm excited. And then we'll be giving you some more details on what's on deck for next week, too.  So you're going to start doing some work with the team and getting to know more of the write-up process and that sort of thing.  But because we had the opportunity with so many new clients starting, I thought this was a good place to kind of set the stage.

1:14:50 - Charis Siau
  Yeah, it was great. Thank you.

1:14:52 - Athena Simpson (Unrestricted)
  So welcome. Thanks for being here. We're excited. All right. I'll let you guys go. Have a good rest of your day.

1:15:00 - Charis Siau
  See a few of you on the client calls later. Awesome. Thank you, Athena. Bye.

1:15:05 - Athena Simpson (Unrestricted)
  Bye.

1:15:06 - Charis Siau
  Thanks. Bye.
